CHANGELOG 1.4.0-beta.1 (#3869)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android: CHANGELOG.md

Mapbox welcomes participation and contributions from everyone.

## Mapbox Navigation SDK 1.4.0-beta.1 - December 17, 2020
Visit our [1.0.0 migration guide](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/wiki/1.0-Navigation-SDK-Migration-Guide) and the [documentation pages](http://docs.mapbox.com/android/navigation/overview) for more information.

### Changelog
#### Features

> * Added example screen for route with silent waypoints when reroute event happens. [#3497](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/3497)

Reviewer: Let's remove test app changes form the changelog.

#### Bug fixes and improvements
* Fixed maneuver view so that shows a generic roundabout icon if there's no angle data. [#3867](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/3867)

> * Fixed silent waypoints _reroute_ and _faster route_ issue. [#3581](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/3581)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed rerouting and requesting faster routes when silent waypoints are present. The waypoints are now persisted and not dropped. [#3581](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/3581)
```
